Fix issues with queries that are bigger than 2GB (#266)
dice-group/IGUANA: docs/configuration/big_queries.md

Reviewer: rename file to huge_query_strings.md

> # Reading Large Queries
> 
> When working with large queries (Queries that are larger than 2^31 Bytes or ~2GB), 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Huge Query Strings

When working with large query strings (longer than 2³² Bytes or ~2GB), 
```

Author: I moved the section to the file `queries.md`.
